Update hot frozen reference architecture to include deployment applies to statements (#367)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/reference-architectures.md

Reviewer: this page also needs applies statements (again, anything but serverless)

I'd consider adding a note about serverless on this page as well. "you dont need ref arch because we take care of hardware, perf and scaling for you"

These architectures are designed by architects and engineers to provide standardized, proven solutions that help you to follow best practices when deploying {{es}}.

::::{tip} 

> These architectures are specific to running your deployment on-premises or on cloud. If you are using Elastic serverless your {{es}} clusters are autoscaled and fully managed by Elastic. For all the deployment options, refer to [Run Elasticsearch](deploy.md).

Reviewer: we've been spelling it out 

```suggestion
These architectures are specific to deploying Elastic on {ech}, {eck}, {ece}, or deploying a self-managed instance. If you are using {{serverless-full}}, your {{es}} clusters are autoscaled and fully managed by Elastic. To learn about all ofthe deployment options, refer to the [Deploy and manage overview](/deploy-manage/index.md).
```

::::

These reference architectures are recommendations and should be adapted to fit your specific environment and needs. Each solution can vary based on the unique requirements and conditions of your deployment. In these architectures we discuss about how to deploy cluster components. For information about designing ingest architectures to feed content into your cluster, refer to [Ingest architectures](../manage-data/ingest/ingest-reference-architectures/use-case-arch.md)

## Architectures [reference-architectures-time-series] 

|     |     |
| --- | --- |
| **Architecture** | **When to use** |

> | [*Hot/Frozen - High Availability*](reference-architectures/hotfrozen-architecture.md)<br>A high availability architecture that is cost optimized for large time-series datasets. | * Have a requirement for cost effective long term data storage (many months or years).<br>* Provide insights and alerts using logs, metrics, traces, or various event types to ensure optimal performance and quick issue resolution for applications.<br>* Apply Machine Learning and Search AI to assist in dealing with the large amount of data.<br>* Deploy an architecture model that allows for maximum flexibility between storage cost and performance.<br> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [*Hot/Frozen - High Availability*](/deploy-manage/reference-architectures/hotfrozen-high-availability.md)<br>A high availability architecture that is cost optimized for large time-series datasets. | * Have a requirement for cost effective long term data storage (many months or years).<br>* Provide insights and alerts using logs, metrics, traces, or various event types to ensure optimal performance and quick issue resolution for applications.<br>* Apply Machine Learning and Search AI to assist in dealing with the large amount of data.<br>* Deploy an architecture model that allows for maximum flexibility between storage cost and performance.<br> |
```
